The author uses web browsers as an example to discuss multithreading programs vs Dispatch Loop Alternative. It’s easier to see the need for multithreading programs in web-based applications. The use of multiple threads ensures fast operations such as displaying text are not blocked by slow operations such as displaying large images. When one thread blocks, the operating system will automatically switch execution on the core to run a different thread and prevent any thread from hogging processor resources.  Alternatively, in an environment without thread support, a browser must adopt a single dispatch loop with a more sequential structure. Data structures keep track of all the tasks and their states.  Compared to multithreading programs where the operating system or library packages handle content switch, a dispatch loop needs to handle much more complexity of tasks and states and make the program less efficient and elegant.

How should the giant pie of huge profit from the gaming development industry be sliced? The author uses the Epic vs Apple legal battle as an example to illustrate the fight between app developers and app store owners. Software, games in particular, is a huge market with billions of dollars at stake. The traditional methods of calculating cost and profit do not exactly apply to the new world of software or gaming development. These lawsuits and the following actions from all players show these fights will continue until the wealth is shared more equitably. 
