When we all enjoy what modern digital technologies bring to us, rarely we consider issues of ethics, morality, deception or even frauds behind these products. This article strongly calls out ethical responsibilities in the digital world. First of all, ordinary citizens should exercise their rights by asking social and ethical questions of softwares they are using or intend to use. It could drive actions from companies and governments alike. Secondly, society should act too. Just like doctors and lawyers who require licenses to practice, the author advocates the same should apply to the Computer Science profession.  Lastly, CS professionals should undertake ethics and social responsibility of the products they are associated with. 

Facial recognition software has been available for years. It was utilized in countries like China by law enforcement for solving minor crimes and tracking dissidents. Such software got a lot of pushback in this country due to ethical concerns. The article focuses on bias with genders and races. The author considers it problematic banning facial recognition due to its biases. Technically speaking, It should not take long for software to beat humans at facial recognition bias. The dilemma is how we can make good uses and eliminate bad uses. There is no simple answer to facial recognition software. It requires ethicists, technologists, politicians, and sociologists along with many others to engage and decide how to navigate the technology for our future.
